This activity is designed to give you practice working with a multiple branches and a remote repository. 
By the end of this activity, you should be able to review, update, and merge commits across multiple branches,
and share such changes with a repote repository.

# The SecondGit Activity Experience
After cloning this repository, you should have the main branch checked out. Confirm that you see a single riddle in the riddles.txt file on this branch. The riddle question is labelled Q1, and the answer is labelled A1.
Checkout the feature branch where a new riddle has been added. Notice that the previous commit on this branch actually included a different Q2/A2 riddle than the most recent commit. Make a copy of this previous riddle, so that we can add it to a new commit on this feature branch. Within this new commit, relable the parts of the original riddle as Q3 and A3. All three questions should appear in this file before all three labels. The message for this commit should be "Reinstated original second riddle". Update 10/1: It appears that A2 is mislabeled as the second Q2.  For the purposes of grading, you can either leave this mislabeled or change it to A2.
Checkout the bugfix branch and notice that the question part of this first riddle has been changed slightly to clarify that "herbs" are being stuffed into the computer. Make one more commit on this branch that changes the spell of "time" in this answer part of this first riddle to instead be spelt as the herb: "thyme". The message for this commit should be "Fixed spelling of thyme"
Checkout the main branch within this repository. We'd like to update this branch to reflect the improvements added to the feature and bugfix branches. So first, merge the contents of the feature branch into main. This should be a relatively easy merge, as there should not be any conflicts.
Next merge the improvements from the bugfix branch into the main branch. Since git cannot merge these changes for you, you'll need to manually edit the riddles.txt file to remove git's annotations about these conflicting contents. Edit this file so that it contains the bugfix'ed versions of Q1 and A1 in place of the originals. Then make a commit with the message "Merged bugfixes".
