This activity is designed to give you practice developing a simple Java WebServer using HttpServer and related classes from the standard java library. By the end of this activity you should be able to develop a simple web server that is able to respond to query parameters within an HTTP request.

# Testrun Provided Starter Code
Review the provided starter code.
Compile and run the HelloWebServer code. After printing "Hello Web Server Running…" the program will look like it has frozen while waiting for client connection requests to be made.
Open a new Terminal/Putty window and connect to the same machine that you id in the first section above. We'll use this second window to make client requests from the server that is running in the other window (even thow they are all currently running on the same machine).
In the client-window, issue the command curl "http://localhost:8000/test?course=cs400&name=Ada%20Lovelace". Each time you run this command, you should see the server print out "Server Received HTTP Request". Since it is not currently returning anything, the curl command should terminate without printing anything to the screen for now. Note that this server is running on port 8000, and that this should NOT be changed for this assignment.
Like other bash programs, you can use the shortcut Control-c to force a running program to stop running. You'll want to do this before editing the source code, recompiling, and then running to test your changes.
# Read Query Paramters from HTTP Request
The curl command above includes two parameters that we'd like to make use of within our program: one with the name "course" and value "cs400", and one with the name "name" and the value "Ada Lovelace". To ensure that the space character is included as a part of this name, we've encoded it as %20 in the command above. Within our server's handler, we can access these parameters via exchange.getRequestURI().getQuery(). Try calling this method, and confirming that the value it returns matches your expectations.
Copy the PlaceholderMap.java and MapADT.java files from P23 into your A12.WebServer folder. Create a variable of type MapADT within your web server (local to your lambda expression) to reference the PlaceholderMap object that we will use to store each HTTP query parameters' name-value pair. Split the query string around & and = characters to extract the name and value of each parameter passed to our server. Then store each of those name-value pairs as Strings within an instance of this MapADT implementing object. Note that we will NOT worry about handling queries that include the special characters & or = within any parameter names or values, so these characters will only be used as delimiters.
# Prepare an HTTP Response
After populating your MapADT, create a new local string variable with the following text "Hello USERNAME! <br/>I hope you are having a great DATETIME". The USERNAME portion of this string should be populated by the value stored in your MapADT with the key "name". And the DATETIME portion of this string can be generated with the java command java.time.LocalDateTime.now(). Note that the "<br/>" is the HTML way of indicating a newline or breaking return in this part of the string. We'll learn more about this next week.
Change the arguments being passed to exchange.sendResponseHeaders from 204 and -1 to 200 and the length of the string variable created in the previous step. Also specify that our response is html formatted text by calling exchange.getResponseHeaders().add("Content-type","text/html");.
Now after setting these headers, we can write our string into the exchange's response. Do this by calling exchange.getResponseBody() to retrieve an OutputStream that we can write to. Then call .getBytes on the response string we prepared above to convert it into a byte[] that can be passed into our OutputStream's write method. After calling write() call the close() method on this OutputStream.
To confirm that this is working, run the curl command above from the second/client window while the server is running in another window. You can also try changing the values of the course and name parameters to ensure that the response returned matched what is passed.
