This activity is designed to give you practice developing make files to help build and run java programs and tests. 
By the end of this activity, you should be able to develop new rules in a makefile, and also trace through the evaluation 
of those rules.

# Creating a simple Makefile with a simple rule
Create a new file named Makefile inside your A05.Make folder. Add to this Makefile a single rule with the target/name: "Mercury", 
no dependencies, and the command: "echo Hello Mercury". Test to confirm that running either "make Mercury" or "make" runs the 
command in this rule. Since it's a bit ugly to see the echo command before its execution, hide this by putting the @ character 
before the echo command (as is described here https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Echoing.htmlLinks to an external
site.).
# Adding rules to compile and run java code and tests
Add another rule to your Makefile that has App.class as its target, App.java as it's dependency, and a command that compiles 
App.java into App.class. Confirm that this rule works by running make both when App.class exists and is up to date, and also when 
it either does not exist or is not up to date (after compiling App.java, you can add a simple comment to make the old App.class 
file no longer up to date). Add another rule to your Makefile with the target "run", which depends on App.class, and a command 
that runs the java program defined within App class. Ensure that this is the default rule in your makefile, and is run via the 
command "make". Note that javac only runs when needed: when there is not already an up-to-date App.class file. Add two more rules 
to compile and run the junit tests defined within TestApp.java. The rule that runs these tests should have the target "test", and 
should depend on the results generated by the other rule that compiles these files. Your rule that compiles these tests should 
depend on both the TestApp sourcecode, and also the compiled App.class bytecode (Since TestApp references code in the App class).
Test your new rules to ensure that they compile and run this test code as needed. And double-check that the default rule in 
your Makefile is still the one with the target "run".
